Star Wars Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy-T (13+) for violence-Jedi Academy is the lastest installment of the highly acclaimed Jedi Knight series. Take on the role of a new student eager to learn the ways of the force from Jedi Master Luke Skywalker!
FEZ-E (Everyone) for mild fantasy violence-Gomez is a 2D creature living in a 2D world. Or is he?. When the existence of a mysterious 3rd dimension is revealed to him, Gomez is sent out on a journey that will take him to the very end of time and space!
Grand Theft Auto IV-M (18+) for blood and gore, intense violence, strong language, strong sexual content, and use of drugs-What does the American dream mean today? For Niko Bellic, it is the hope he can escape from his past!
Half Life 2-M (18+) for blood and gore, and intense violence-The player picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, and its populace dwindling!
Portal 2-E10+ (10+) for fantasy violence, and mild language-Portal 2 draws from the award-winning formula of innovative gameplay, story, and music that earned the original Portal over 70 industry accolades!
Sleeping Dogs-M (18+) for blood and gore, intense violence, sexual content, strong language, and use of drugs-As Wei Shen, and undercover cop trying to take down the Triads, you'll have to fight your way up the organization without blowing your cover.
Star Wars: Republic Commando-T (13+) for blood and gore, and violence-Chaos has erupted throughout the galaxy. As leader of an elite squad of Republic Commandos, your mission is to infiltrate, dominate, and ultimately, annihilate the enemy!
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic-T (13+) for violence-Chose your path. you are the last hope of the Jedi Order. Can you master the awesome power of the force on your quest to save the republic? Or will you fall to the lure of the dark side?
Terraria-T (13+) for blood and gore, cartoon violence, mild suggestive themes, and use of alcohol-Dig, fight, explore, build! Nothing is impossible in this action packed game!
Outlast-M (18+) for intense violence, blood and gore, sexual content, nudity, and strong language-Hell is an experiment you can't survive in Outlast. As investigative journalist Miles Upshur, explore Mount Massive Asylum and try to survive long enough to discover its terrible secret!
Castle Crashers-T (13+) for blood and gore, cartoon violence, and crude humor-Hack, slash, and smash your way to victory in this award winning 2D arcade adventure!
Battlefield: Bad Company 2-M (18+) for blood, strong language, violence-Introducing, the first ever squad level first person shooter based in a contemporary modern warfare setting. Take control of bad company and find out the secrets of the Russians!
Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth-M (18+) for blood and gore, intense violence, strong language, and use of drugs and alcohol-You will draw upon your skills in exploration, investigation, and combat while faced with the seemingly impossible task of battling evil incarnate!
Halo 3-M (18+) for blood and gore, mild language, and violence- Finish the fight. Players will take control of the legendary Master Chief as he fights for the survival of all races in the galaxy!
Amnesia: The Dark Decent-M (18+) for blood and gore, language, nudity, and violence-A game about immersion, discovery and living through a nightmare!
Counter Strike: Source-M (18+) for blood, and intense violence-The next installment of the world's #1 action game is here!
Audiosurf-E (Everyone) for language-Ride your music. Audiosurf is a music adapting puzzle racer where you use your own music to create your own experience!
Borderlands 2-M (18+) for blood and gore, intense violence, language, sexual themes, use of alcohol-A new era of shoot and loot is here! Play as one of four new vault hunters facing off against a massive new world of creatures, psychos, and the evil mastermind, Handsome Jack!
Deus Ex: Human Revolution-M (18+) for blood, drug references, intense violence, sexual themes, strong language, and use of alcohol-You play Adam Jensen, an ex SWAT specialist whose job is to safeguard company secrets. But when a black ops team breaks in and kills the very scientist you were hired to guard, everything you thought you knew about your job changes!
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon-M (18+) for blood, partial nudity, sexual content, strong language, violence-Welcome to an 80's version of the future. The year is 2007, your mission: Get the girl, kill the baddies, save the world!
